<h1 align="center">Hi üëã, We are team Valor-Go! </h1>
<h3 align="center">OSH-2025 @USTC</h3>

<p align="center">
<a href="./README_CN.md"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/ÊñáÊ°£-‰∏≠ÊñáÁâà-blue.svg" alt="CN doc"></a>
<a href="./README.md"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/document-English-blue.svg" alt="EN doc"></a>
<img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=osh-2025&label=Profile%20views&color=0e75b6&style=flat" alt="osh-2025" />
</p>

<p align="center">
<img src="./pictures/team_logo.jpg" alt="Team logo" width="350">
</p>

## Team Members
+ [Zucan Lv (ÂêïÁ•ñÁÅø)](https://github.com/zucanlv)
+ [Xiuning Liang (Ê¢Å‰øÆÂÆÅ)](https://github.com/rzx0420)
+ [Qihui Wang (ÁéãÊ∑áËæâ)](https://github.com/discrete-create)
+ [Yilin Yang (Êù®Â•ïÈ∫ü)](https://github.com/Alexyang1097)
+ [Zhuangzhuang Ren (‰ªªÂ£ÆÂ£Æ)](https://github.com/Renzz-ustc)

## Project Progress

| Project Phase        | Date                  | Project Progress                                                                                                                                                                                                 | Work Assignments                                                                                                                             |
|----------------------|-----------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Preliminary Research | 2025.03.07 - 2025.03.11 | First team meeting held on March 7th. Potential research directions were discussed based on course content and previous project topics. After initial deliberation on feasible directions, each member was assigned to investigate specific areas. | Zucan Lv: Investigate Rust refactoring/development<br>Zhuangzhuang Ren: Investigate Ray<br>Yilin Yang: Investigate 3FS<br>Xiuning Liang: Investigate eBPF<br>Qihui Wang: Investigate xv6 |
| Preliminary Research | 2025.03.12 - 2025.03.18 | Second team meeting convened on March 12th. Following Prof.Xing's feedback on proposed directions, the team decided to divide into two subgroups for further investigation.                                           | Zucan & Qihui: Study xv6 refactoring using Rust<br>Yilin, Xiuning & Zhuangzhuang: Study 3FS innovation                                                                 |
| In-depth Research    | 2025.03.19 - 2025.03.27   | Third team meeting conducted on March 19th. After comprehensive discussion of research findings, the team finalized 3FS-related topics as the project focus and initiated intensive investigation                | All members:<br>- Study Rust fundamentals and prerequisite knowledge of 3FS<br>- Implement 3FS on local machines<br>- Investigate evaluation tools<br>- Conduct source code analysis through divided responsibilities |
| In-depth Research | 2025.03.28 - 2025.04.06 | Fourth team meeting conducted on March 28th. After one-week in-depth investigation in 3FS background and source code, we reach a consensus on upgrading the FUSE module in 3FS with RUST and XFUSE.| All members:<br>- Dive into FUSE <br>- Make an investigation report together <br>- Make a feasibility report after investigation report
| Code Task| 2025.04.06 - 2025.04.11| Fifth team meeting conducted on April 7th. Finished two reports, we decided to put our hands on coding, to understand the real source code of 3FS and to refactor FUSE module with Rust. | All members:<br>- Improve two reports <br>- Learn mixed compilation of Rust and C <br>- Understand 'usrconfig' file|
| Code Task| 2025.04.11 - 2025.04.14| Sixth team meeting conducted on April 11th. We discussed the progress about code understanding in recent days, and planned to furthur understand the `usrconfig` code while put our hands on refactoring the code with Rust.| All members: <br>- Read 3FS code <br>- Refactor `usrconfig.h`, `usrconfig.cc`|
| Interim Report| 2025.04.14 - 2025.04.20| Seventh team meeting conducted on April 14th. We discussed about the assignment about interim report, and everyone was appointed to accomplish one part. | Yilin: accomplish What <br> Xiuning: accomplish Why <br> Zhuangzhuang: accomplish How <br> Qihui: accomplish progress <br> Zucan: plan the report and integrate four parts|
| Interim Report| 2025.04.20 - present| Eighth team meeting conducted on April 20th. We discussed about the question raised by Prof. Xing and tried to solve it. | Yilin: revise part `What` <br> Zucan: delete some contents to prepare to present|

<h3 align="left">Connect with us:</h3>
<p align="left">Qihui Wang: PB23111637@mail.ustc.edu.cn</p>
<p align="left">Zhuangzhuang Ren: rzz18856919896@mail.ustc.edu.cn</p>
<p align="left">Yilin Yang: yangyiln@mail.ustc.edu.cn</p>
<p align="left">Xiuning Liang: rzx0420@mail.ustc.edu.cn</p>
<p align="left">Zucan Lv: zucanlv@mail.ustc.edu.cn</p>


<h3 align="left">Languages and Tools:</h3>
<p align="left">  <a href="https://www.linux.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/linux/linux-original.svg" alt="linux" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://git-scm.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/git-scm/git-scm-icon.svg" alt="git" width="40" height="40"/> 
